Add CVE-2022-42889 and some cleanup (#15916)
docker/docs: security/index.md

---
description: Docker security announcements
keywords: Docker, CVEs, security, notice, Log4J 2, Log4Shell, Text4Shell, announcements
title: Docker security announcements
toc_min: 1
toc_max: 2
---

## Text4Shell CVE-2022-42889

> [CVE-2022-42889](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2022-42889){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} was discovered in the popular Apache Commons Text library. Versions of this library up to but not including 1.10.0 are affected by this vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CVE-2022-42889](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2022-42889){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} has been discovered in the popular Apache Commons Text library. Versions of this library up to but not including 1.10.0 are affected by this vulnerability.
```

> We strongly encourage you to update to the [latest version](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-text/download_text.cgi) if you can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly encourage you to update to the latest version of [Apache Commons Text](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-text/download_text.cgi){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}.
```

{: .important}

A number of [Docker Official Images](../docker-hub/official_images.md) contain the vulnerable versions of
Apache Commons Text. The following table lists Docker Official Images that
may contain the vulnerable versions of Apache Commons Text. We are working on updating
Apache Commons Text in these images to the latest version. Some of these images may not be
vulnerable for other reasons. We recommend that you also review the guidelines published on the upstream websites.

| Repository                | Patched version         | Additional documentation       |
|:------------------------|:-----------------------|:-----------------------|
| [bonita](https://hub.docker.com/_/bonita) | Awaiting info | Awaiting info |
| [Couchbase](https://hub.docker.com/_/couchbase) | Awaiting info | Awaiting info |
| [Geonetwork](https://hub.docker.com/_/geonetwork) | Awaiting info | Awaiting info |
| [neo4j](https://hub.docker.com/_/neo4j) | Awaiting info | Awaiting info |
| [sliverpeas](https://hub.docker.com/_/sliverpeas) | Awaiting info | Awaiting info |
| [solr](https://hub.docker.com/_/solr) | Awaiting info | Awaiting info |

> | [xwiki](https://hub.docker.com/_/xwiki) |  Awaiting info | Awaiting info |

Reviewer 2: Are we going to merge this before all this is filled in or are we going to wait?
